OK, so the instance has started.
Let's connect to that.
OK, so the instance has connected, so let's start our work now, let's go to our project directly
Docker demos.
So now we have this zero six logging that this is where we need to go.
This is data logging demonstrations.
So let's go there.
Now, apart from Dorothy and vinegar composed by Hamilton, we also have undergone there's an additional
thing that we do.
So let's go through them one by one.
So let's first look at our environment and so our environment find the right?
Absolutely no.
It remains the same as it was in the previous demonstration.
Now let's open Docker compose one.
So here we have added a few components, so accordingly we have added.
Docker volumes, we went to this for Docker volume with we have added over volumes for ElasticSearch
and fluent components to store their data.
Now let's go through those components.
So the first one is fluent so fluently.
We need to basically capture all the log messages that are coming to Docker drivers.
Driver will send all these messages to fluently, so fluently will filter bars and do all those things
with the messages, and it will pass on those messages to the log collector.
And in this case?
Fluently will itself act as a local actor.
So that is where our messages are going to go.
So the configuration that we are going to see now is actually for this fluid lock collected.
So here we have taken an image of fluidity, and we have customized it a bit, and I'll show you what
the customization that we have done, it's a very simple customization and rest of the important configuration
over here is that it takes a configuration file.
So let me see that.
So this is pretty much what is there for fluidity Docker configuration.
There is nothing special going on over here, except that we need to see what's there in fluent durcan
file and what's there in fluent image.
So let's first go to Docker directly and inside that.
Let's go to fluidity where we have Docker file for fluid image.
So here we have done a very simple thing.
We have added certain fluidity plugins to the base fluid image.
And these plugins are not useful for this demonstration.
They will be useful for the final setup that we will have.
It is basically to pass exceptions and present them and to store them in a much better format and to
do some parsing of messages.
So for that, we have a configuration file also.
So this is the fluid or con configuration file.
It's a little more complex file than what we are going to use for this demonstration.
This will be useful for our final setup so you can take a look at it.
You will have to go through fluently documentation to understand this fully.
But if you want to understand how fluent works, then this particular demonstration would be good enough.
You will just concentrate on the bare minimum functionality of fluency.
So we have certain plugins to flaw in the image, and the second thing that we have done is we have
created a fluent configuration file which will tell our fluid the instance who how to read the messages
that are coming to fluently through Docker drivers or Docker driver who will send messages to friendly
collector.
So this configuration file will then fluidity how to pass them, how to filter the messages and stuff
like that.
It will also tell where it needs to pass on those messages, so let's go ahead and see the actual flu
and the files that we are using configuration files.
So let's go to movies directly
here.
If we see flu and the flu and call this the one that we're using for the current demonstration, it
is pretty simple.
It says that anything that is coming on board to foldable to fall is the source.
So this is the work that we will have to provide to Dr. Driver.
We'll have to tell the driver that this is where our flu and the local actor is listening.
So anything that comes to this port, it will treat it as a source for a lot and that will be passed
to us.
Think that we we're defined by MedStar stars or anything that is coming out of this source will and
to this particular thing.
And what does this say?
This is that whatever is coming in here?
Copy that to this particular story.
This is one store that we have provided, and it has also listed another two.
So another story is basically the studio so fluently on its studio will print anything that is coming
to it.
So anytime you want to see what is coming to Florida, you can always look at the flu and the doctor
logs, so it will be available over there.
The main thing that is happening over here is that any log messages that is coming to this flu and will
be sent to this store and that store type is ElasticSearch.
And we have given where this ElasticSearch is located and how this log should be formatted.
So a very simple configuration or typical configuration.
This should be good enough for us to get going.
So we have this configuration for fluidity.
Now, let's look at the configuration for ElasticSearch, but before we go there, let's look at the
Docker configuration that our services or web component are going to send these log messages to the
floor and the log collector.
So for that, let's go down to some service.
So let's see, this web application is there.
What we have done over here is that we did a configuration file logging and we have specified drivers
as fluently and we have provided the address where this fluidity is located.
So it is there on this machine itself.
And this is where this fluidity does the port one which it is supposed to send these logs.
No.
Similarly, let's look at some of the service so that circuitry service to get this service.
Also, we have done the same thing that we have added this logging configuration.
This will allow this Docker container or gateway service to send its history output as a log to fluently
so that that's a simple configuration.
So now we understand how all the log messages will be sent from any service using Docker logging driver
to fluently.
Now we have also seen that we have instructed fluidity, which is basically this whole thing, this
particular log collector, how to and where to send this log messages.
So we have said that we need to send it to ElasticSearch.
So now let's go to ElasticSearch configuration.
It's actually up so that we go all the way up.
So this is ElasticSearch configuration.
Here we are directly getting image that is available in L.A. You are not customizing this image and
we.
So then barometers over here.
The only one which is of importance over here is that we have disable security to false.
This introduction should be able to do, but in our case, we have kept it to false.
We are assuming that within our internet, within our backing, all the services can access ElasticSearch.
Server services need to access it.
And we do not want to use adjectives or SSL for that.
Now this will start on four nine two zero zero and it will be in the network in which all services are
working.
And we have mapped it to a volume where any data that is being stored in ElasticSearch will be permanently
stored on this volume.
We have now also added another configuration restart unless stop.
And same thing, we are down to Florida also.
So wherever we have these critical services without which our services won't work, we have for them
as a restart on this storm.
So we live, we manually stop these containers.
They will be stopped if they get stopped because machine has restarted or for some reason, the container
has crashed.
Then Dover will restart the containers.
So now this is how we will get all the data in ElasticSearch.
We do not need to do a whole lot of configuration.
The basic configuration of ElasticSearch is enough.
And then the last thing that we need to do is that we need to configure.
First, we need to bring up a container with Cabana because we will use Cabana, as are access to ElasticSearch.
So Cabana will be providing some way to access ElasticSearch.
Once we start Cabana, we'll do some configuration there.
But just to dart cabana container, we just need to make it aware of where ElasticSearch is located
in this case.
Also, we are using the image provided by Docker registry.
So we are not customizing it.
It is running on some port, which is what we here five six zero one.
And this is the important thing that we have provided to given the configuration that we're ElasticSearch
is located.
And apart from that, we have added statements like depends on.
So if we are trying to bring up Cubana, given it will not work unless ElasticSearch is dead.
So we have added this depends on configuration.
Similarly, we have this depends on configuration for all of the services.
So that say, this load balancer web is that it won't it will be useless without replication.
So we have provided this configuration depends on that.
So similarly, we have added this configuration to all our services Docker services.
So you can take a look at these configuration, but this is pretty much what we have it.
So we are done with the configuration part now, it's the time to actually start other applications,
so let's go ahead and do that.